Hey and welcome back.
Now, that we have a sales JS application,
it helps to look at the files and folders that are making it all work.
As you probably noticed,
sales JS has provided a lot more functionality out-of-the-box then expressed it.
The upside of this is that you can get started quickly with your application.
A possible downside is that it could be more difficult to get
familiar with everything that's going on to make the application work.
In this video, we'll walk through the main features of our new application.
To start, open your environment using your code editor.
What I see here first is the.gitignore file.
This file explains itself pretty well.
If you haven't seen one before,
take a minute to read through it.
Basically, it gives you a way to exclude files
from your apps repository if you're using Git.
Since so much has been installed for you to get started,
sales JS made an excellent ReadMe file
to help you understand all the features they provide.
The package.json file is where all the dependencies for the project had been saved.
Similar to, in your express application,
this holds various metadata about the project and
helps npm manage the projects dependencies.
In the node modules folder,
you'll see all the modules that were installed.
You can find the details about what these modules do using the documentation.
You can also open up the files and look through the code yourself,
if you're interested to see how any of the functions are working.
To create this application,
we originally run sales lift in our terminal.
To see how to run this without sales list,
you can go to the app.js file.
Its goals, purpose and documentation are described right here in the file.
Basically, this is saying that you can start the application using node app.js,
just like how in Express,
we run node index.js.
If you're interested in seeing the files that create
each of the pages generated by the application,
you can find them under views.
For each of these, you can go back to the application and see things like the emails,
layouts, account, dashboard, and more.
This is all functionality that was provided automatically when you
selected one while creating the application from the terminal.
If you don't want this in your app and would prefer to start from scratch,
you can always create a new application without this default functionality.
To do that, just install sales like before,
but select two rather than one during the installation process.
So, that's the basics of how this application is working behind the scenes.
Like I mentioned, it's quicker to get started this way,
but can be a little trickier to get used to where everything is.
If you're familiar with folder structures from other web applications,
this hopefully isn't too much different than what you've experienced already.
If you have any questions about getting started,
sales JS provides many tutorials and resources to help you along the way.